Day1:
1. SSR and CSR.
2. Intro to JSX.
3. NodeJS basics.
4. Virtual DOM and Real DOM.
5. ReactJS.
6. Working of REactJS, floder structure.
7. What is Component? diff between a element and component.
8. class Component
9. State and props.

------> what is SSR and CSR.
1. What is render / rendering ?
first time when a page is painted then this is known as render.

SSR:-
nextjs,nuxtjs
in server side rendering the page is render from the server only.

CSR :-
ReactJS , VanillaJS , VueJS.
in the client side rendering the page is rendered using from user/clinet side.
in ssr is handeld quite easy.

what is JSX ?
Javascript Xtension.
javascript XML(Xtensible markup language)

what is JS and JSX.
JS:- For making UI Interactive web application.
JSX:- JSX is advance version of js in which we can use HTML tag inside our JS file.

Babel:- it is a compiler which converts JSX code in HTML, CSS and JS

SPA:- single page application.

NodeJS Basics.
npx create-react-app myapp
npx create-react-app .
Node Package execute

npm :- Node package Manager
package.json :- in this file all the details related to our project is available.
package-lock.json :- this file is the extended version of package.json. it is a good practice to hide package-lock.json.

Real DOM:-
Document object model(DOM) :- it is the dom provided by browser will all the requirements of a web page.
BOM :- Browser object model :- In BOM we have all the details related to a browser.
Window
Location
navigator
screen
history.

--------------------------------------------------DAY1 MY OWN NOTES-------------------------------------------------------
1. what is SSR?
   Server-side rendering is when content on our webpage is rendered on the server and not on our browser using JavaScript.
   
2. why we are using SSR?
   Server-side rendering (SSR) means that the content of our site is generated on the server, then sent to the browser. 
   This is useful for search engine optimization(SEO) purposes, because search engines can "see" the content of your site
   before they send it to users.

3. what is CSR?
   In client side rendering (CSR), we are completely running ReactJS on the browser.
   The initial HTML rendered by the server is a placeholder and the entire UI is rendered in the browser once all our scripts load.
   
4. What is the difference between SSR and CSR?
   The main difference between SSR and CSR is where the page is rendered.
   SSR renders the page on the server-side and CSR renders the page on the client-side.
   
5. What is JSX ?
   JSX stands for JavaScript XML.
   JSX allows us to write HTML in React.
   JSX makes it easier to write and add HTML in React.

6. What is NodeJS in react?
   NodeJS is a framework of JavaScript which is mainly used for working with the backend of our application 
   ReactJS is a JavaScript front-end library. It is mainly used for building the user interface or the frontend of our application.
   
7. Virtual Dom?
   The virtual DOM (VDOM) is a programming concept where an ideal, or “virtual”, representation of a UI is kept in memory
   and synced with the “real” DOM by a library such as ReactDOM. This process is called reconciliation.

8. what is Real Dom?
   It is a structured representation of HTML in the webpage or application.
   It is a structural representation of HTML elements of a web application in simple words.

9. What id Difference between Real DOm and Virtual DOM?
   Real DOM	                                                Virtual DOM
   There is too much memory wastage	                        No memory wastage
   It updates Slow                                       	It updates fast
   It can directly update HTML	                           It can't update HTML directly
   Creates a new DOM if the element updates.             	Update the JSX if the element update

10. what is ReactJS ?
    A JavaScript library created by Facebook for building user interfaces
    Its aim is to allow developers to easily create fast user interfaces for websites and applications 

11. Working of ReactJS ?------don't know



















